---
categories: blog
layout: post
title: 2008 in Review
author: Bjorn Arneson
tags: ['2008', review, reflection]
---

All is well here in Minneapolis--I wish the same for you wherever you are. In lieu of a printed Christmas card, I will share a few of the more memorable moments of my 2008:

### January

- Hennepin County jury duty. Rejected from pool (something about being too handsome...).

### February

- First time caucusing. Polling place a madhouse. Awesome.
- Continued losing streak at Leaning Tower of Pizza trivia night. Someday we'll beat those dirty hipsters.
- Attended Wisconsin state ice fishing tournament on Rice Lake (it looked cold through the window of Clarance's truck...).

### March

- Hosted Lars and Scott for organ concert at Mt. Olive--an insanely talented duo.
- Met a nice girl for coffee.

### April

- "South of the Border 30th Birthday Bash North of the Border" at Pepitos, Minneapolis. Lucky to have so many great friends and family present.
- NLC tour to IN and MI. When in Fort Wayne, try the Thirsty Camel.

### May

- Started internship at Association of Minnesota Counties (AMC), St. Paul. Do you know what essential services your county provides?
- Tour of northern MN with AMC crew: Bemidji, Warroad, Fergus Falls, and other cultural hot spots.

### June

- ECCO neighborhood garage sale with Kevin Arneson, an annual tradition. I'm still thinking about that card catalog.
- NLC concert for AGO National Convention. With three other fine choirs at the St. Paul Cathedral (...thedral, ...thedral, ...thedral).

### July

- Together with three buddies, sang the National Anthem at the Twins game on Independence Day. Front row seats for fireworks on the river near the Guthrie theater.
- Camping trips along the St. Croix and Mississippi Rivers. Developing repertoire of backwoods tricks.

### August

- Three weddings in the first nine days of August (singing at two). Kind of fun to get shined up once in a while.
- Visited Dan and Molly in LeMars, IA, home of the biggest bowl of ice cream you've ever seen.
- Camping in northern Minnesota and vacation time at Lake Superior with the Arneson-Axdahl clan. A perfect time of year.

### September

- Classes resume.
- NLC rehearsals resume.
- Begin new jobs at school.
- Rude awakening.

### October

- Halloween costumes: Swedish chef, Prince William (in collaboration with Brian (Prince Harry)).

### November

- Keeping head above water.

### December

- NLC concerts at Basilica; touring concerts in St. Louis, MO. A busy stretch.
- Breathing deeper.
- Tour of southern Minnesota over Christmas holiday. Eating massive amounts. Accumulating winter fat.
